 1. To run Testng.xml file :
 Go to TestNG file =>Right click and run with TestNG Suite and then test cases will be executed
 
 Report : Refresh the project and go to reports folder and open report
 
 
 2. To run test cases via pom.xml file:
 
 Add all dependencies first and then go to pom.xml file
 Right click and run as  - with "Maven test" option then it will run testng.xml file and build will success 
 
 3. We can implement hybrid framework in two ways first we can call route class , second we can create property class and then call it.

 
 4. Run cases thru Maven
 first install maven software either for windows or mac 
 
 After installing maven and put it in C drive
 open CMD and run below cmnds
 C:\Users\KSHARM23>mvn -version
 
 
 Go to proj location and run dir command to check folders n files
 C:\Users\KSHARM23\eclipse-workspace\HybridApiFramework>dir
 
 To run the test cases run below command -> mvn test
 
 GIT: Local Repo
 Firstly whatever code QA will implement will send his code to local repo and it is called GIT (local repository)
 and also here COMMIT command will be used
 
 
 GITHUB: Global Repo (Remote repo)
 Here QA will send his code from local repo to global repo means he will PUSH his code to global repo.
 Here PUSH command will be sued to send code to GITHUB repo.
 
 and from there in devops env QA will use maven to create the build and from github they will get automation code n will use jenkins to execute code
 Also before pushing code to github or jenkins we need to execute our code first thru maven and before maven we can execute code manually by testng.xml file
 1. Exceute code first with eclipse (thru testng.xml file)
 2. Then also run code thru pom.xml file in eclipse
 3. Then run code using pom.xml via cmd by maven
 4. Then commit code in local repo(git repo)
 5. Then push code to Remote repo (github repo)
 6. Run project/cases by jenkins (by git/github)
 
 
 GIT WORKFLOW:
 
 Working directory : Here our code files is present like Eclipse (Untracked file)
 
 Staging Area (Tracked file) : Here by using Add command we will send code from working directory to Staging 
 
 Git Repo(Committed file) : Here we will Send data and commit by using COMMIT command 
 
 GitHub(Remote file) : We will PUSH code from Git repo to Remote repo by using PUSH command
 
 So now once the code is available to remote repo(github) then Jekins pick that and can access n run
 
 Gitbash is GIT command prompt where we will perform all operations
 
 Go to any folder and right click=> git bash
 
 
 CI process:
 
 Install GIT software
 Need to have github account , Go to github web app and create account 
 
 
 Working directory is Project location: C:\Users\pavan\restAssuredTraining\PetStoreAutomation
Right click on project n copy path  :  C:\Users\KSHARM23\eclipse-workspace\HybridApiFramework

on system go to project folder and right click 
C:\Users\KSHARM23\eclipse-workspace\HybridApiFramework 
Now right click and open gitbash by clicking on it n then run below commands

1) git init   ---> create an emtpy local repository   (one time)

2) git config --global user.name  "your name"            (one time)
    git config --global user.email  "abc@gmail.com"

3) git status


4) git add -A   --> add all the files & folders to staging area.
   git add filename.ext
   git add *.ext (It will add all files which has extension .ext or .java)
   git add foldernamegit commit -m  "commit message" 

5) git commit -m "comment"  (Now we need to commit all the files to local repo (git repo))


--------------------------------------
Push the code to remote repository
 6) git remote add origin "url"    ---> Make connection & local repository connected with remote repository.(one time)

 7) git push -u origin master
 
 
 NOW SUPPOSE SOME FILES ARE ADDED IN EXISTING CODE then below commands we need to execute
 
 git add -A
 git commit -m "comment"
 git status
 git push -u origin master
 